Question    Answer
What can I return?  You may request returns for most items you buy from sellers listed on Amazon.in that are within the return window, except those that are explicitly identified as not returnable.   
How to return items?    Cotact the store for that.  
What are the return guidelines? Your address and the item that you wish to return must be eligible for return.  
Where can I view status of return?  Cotact the store for that.  
When will I get my refund?  It will be sent when we receive the product.    
Can my order be replaced?   If the item you ordered arrived in a physically damaged or defective condition or is different from their description on the product detail page , or has missing parts or accessories, it will be eligible for a free replacement, provided the exact item is available with the same seller.  
How can I return a Gift?    You can also return a gift item, if the gift giver has sent a Gift Receipt to you.  
How can I return a Gift Card?   Gift cards once purchased cannot be cancelled or returned due to regulatory restrictions.   
Can I return a Global Store Product?    The General Returns Policy is applicable for all Store Products. Eligible products can be returned through courier Pick-up or Self-return.  
Which items are eligible for a Free Replacement?    Items within return window and in stock (exact same item) with same seller are eligible for free replacement.   
Are you delivering non-essential products?  Yes, we are delivering them 
Can I place orders using Pay on Delivery    We are accepting Cash/Pay on Delivery in most locations where we are delivering all products.   
What is No-Contact delivery?    To adhere to the contactless or no-contact delivery, the delivery associate will leave your order at your doorstep and maintain a 2-meter distance. 
What should I do missed the delivery of my order.   You can check your SMS for more details on when the courier service will try to deliver again.  
Is installation offered for all products?   Installation and demo are offered for certain items by sellers through the brand or an authorised service provider. Please check the individual product page to see if these services are offered for the item. 
Can I take the shipment after opening and checking the contents inside? As per company policy, a shipment can't be opened before delivery, but you can accept the shipment and get in touch with us later in case you have any concerns.    
What should I do if my order is approved but hasn't been shipped yet?   Sellers usually ship orders 1-2 business days before the delivery date so that they reach you on time. In case your order hasn't been shipped within this time please contact our Customer Support so that we can look into it. 